angelina;;Oscar winner American Actress also devoted to humanitarian causes. Star of "Girl, Interrupted", "Maleficent" and many other (first name)
banderas;;Famous Spanish actor. Stars of "The Mask of Zorro", "Desperado", and "Evita" among other (surname)
pitt;;Academy Award winner american Actor. He acts, among other, in the movies "Legends of the Fall", "Troy" and "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" (surname)
hopkins;;Academic Award winner Welsh actor. Star of "The Silence of the Lambs" and "The Two Popes", among many (surname)
cruise;;Famous american actor. Star of "Jerry Maguire", "Minority Report", and the "Mission: Impossible series" (surname)
connery;;Academy Award winner Scottish actor. Star of "The name of the Rose", "The Untouchables" and also starred as James Bond 7 times (surname)
dustin;;Twice Academic Award winner, 2 of his movies are "Kramer vs Kramer" and "Tootsie" (first name)
streep;;American Actress winner of 3 Academy Awards and 8 Golden Globe Awards. Star of "Mamma Mia!", "Kramer vs Kramer" and many more (surname)
jennifer;;Popular american actress. She became famous for her role in the Sitcom "Friends". Starred in "Bruce Almighty", "The Break-Up" among other movies (firstname)
newman;;Academy Award winner american Actor. Star of the movie "The Color of Money" among other (surname)
freeman;;Academy Award winner american actor. Star of "Million Dollar Baby", "Street Smart", among other
oprah;;Famous american talk show host and actress, also owner of Harpo Productions (first name)
kardashian;;Famous american family, with its own TV show (surname)
washington;;Two times Academy Award winner american actor. Star of "Training Day", "Cry Freedom", and "Glory", among many (surname)
voight;;Academy Award winner american actor. Star of "Coming Home", "Heat", "Ray Donovan" among other
heir;;person in line to inherit something
ice;;name given to frozen water
genuine;;it is authentic, it is real
liquid;;physical state in which substances can change shape but not volume
hot;;opposite of cold
fashion;;styles popular at a given time
oscars;;academy award
benedict;;actor who played leading role in the movie "The Power of the Dog" (first name)
chastain;;actress who played leading role in the movie "The Eyes of Tammy Faye" (surname)
encanto;;animated film winner of academy award in 2022

